These Terms of Service ("***Terms***") form a binding legal agreement between each person who holds or has redeemed [[Token Name]] ($[[Token Symbol]]) tokens ("***you***") and related issuers ("***Consultant***"). $[[Token Symbol]] tokens exist on the Ethereum blockchain at an address generated by the ERC-20 token program located at 0x9C116669873825c7747b1cB0307A247Dc96da60F.

**__Acquiring $[[Token Symbol]]__**

^By acquiring or holding $[[Token Symbol]], you have the following rights:

^^to redeem $[[Token Symbol]] for Consultant’s services; and

^^to sell, transfer, lend, gift, burn or otherwise deal with $[[Token Symbol]] tokens as you see fit. This right is enforced by the $[[Token Symbol]] smart contract and the Ethereum blockchain and is noted here for completeness.
   
^These Terms do not impose any obligations or liability on you if all you do is acquire, buy, sell or hold $[[Token Symbol]]. Redemption of $[[Token Symbol]] is subject to the terms set forth below. 

__**Minting and burning of $[[Token Symbol]]**__

^There is a maximum supply of [[Token Supply Cap]] $[[Token Symbol]] tokens that will ever exist. Consultant may mint more $[[Token Symbol]] at any time, provided the maximum supply is not exceeded.

^Consultant may burn any amount of $[[Token Symbol]] held by Consultant at any time. Consultant does not have the right or ability to burn $[[Token Symbol]] that Consultant does not hold. 

^The above rights are enforced by the $[[Token Symbol]] smart contract and the Ethereum blockchain and are noted here for completeness. 

**__Redeeming $[[Token Symbol]]__**

^You can redeem $[[Token Symbol]] by sending it to 0x[[Token Issuer]] and/or by means of other redemption methods offered by Consultant.

^You cannot redeem $[[Token Symbol]] for any services that:

^^are not listed or otherwise agreed between you and Consultant prior to redemption;
 
^^are prohibited by the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction(s) that you or Consultant are subject to; or

^^would require Consultant to assist in or provide advice about how to commit, or avoid detection or prosecution for the commission of, any illegal act in any jurisdiction. 
   
^If you attempt to redeem $[[Token Symbol]] in contravention of the requirements listed in *section 7* above, Consultant reserves the right to refuse to provide Services and not refund any $[[Token Symbol]] that you have redeemed. 

^In order to avoid any doubt, Consultant may require you to sign a message from the same Ethereum address that you redeemed $[[Token Symbol]] from. This will only be required if there is any doubt or dispute about the person(s) claiming to have made the redemption transaction. 

^All $[[Token Symbol]] tokens will expire at 11:59pm Pacific Time on December 30, 2025. After this time, the tokens may still exist in the smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain, but you will not be able to redeem them for Consultant’s services unless otherwise noticed by Consultant. 

^Provided that the above criteria are met, Consultant agrees to provide professional services ("***Services***") to any person who redeems $[[Token Symbol]], on the terms set forth in these Terms and as otherwise noticed by Consultant. 

**__Performing the Services__**

^Consultant will make reasonable best efforts in good faith to provide the Services to you as soon as possible after you redeem $[[Token Symbol]]. Consultant does not guarantee availability or provide any commitment about when Consultant will be able to provide the Services to you.  

^If at any time you attempt to procure Consultant to provide Services in contravention of the requirements in *section 7* above, Consultant reserves the right to cease to provide Services and not to refund any $[[Token Symbol]] that you have redeemed.

**__Independent Contractor Relationship__**

^Consultant's relationship with you will be that of an independent contractor, and nothing in these Terms is intended to, nor should be construed to create a partnership, agency, joint venture, or employment relationship. Consultant is not entitled to any employment benefits from you. Consultant will provide and use their own computer and all other equipment required to perform services for you.

**__Fees__**

^Apart from redeeming $[[Token Symbol]], you do not have to pay any other fees for the Services.

**__Ownership of Work Product__**

^Consultant agrees that any and all work product developed by Consultant alone or in conjunction with others in connection with the performance of services pursuant to these Terms is and shall be your sole property, and Consultant shall retain no ownership, interest, or rights therein. Work product includes but is not limited to reports, graphics, memoranda, presentations, email and letter correspondence between Consultant and you, and between Consultant and third parties on behalf of you. 

**__Confidentiality__**

^"Confidential Information" means any and all technical and nontechnical information including patent, copyright, trade secret, proprietary information, designs, business plans, all files and client information related to any of your past, current, future, and proposed business, without limitation, your property, and your information concerning customers, research, financial information, purchasing, business forecasts, sales and merchandising, and marketing plans and information, whether in digital or physical format.

^Consultant agrees to protect the confidentiality of all of your Confidential Information and, except as permitted in this section, Consultant shall neither use nor disclose the Confidential Information. Consultant may use the Confidential Information solely to perform the Services under these Terms for your benefit.

^Consultant's obligations above with respect to any portion of the Confidential Information shall not apply to any such portion that Consultant can demonstrate (a) was in the public domain at or subsequent to the time such portion was communicated to Consultant by you, (b) was rightfully in Consultant's possession free of any obligation of confidence at or subsequent to the time such portion was communicated to Consultant by you, or (c) was developed by Consultant independently of and without reference to any information communicated to Consultant by you. 

**__Limitation of Liability__**

^You agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to limit the liability of Consultant to you for any and all claims, losses, costs, expenses, or damages of any nature whatsoever, from any cause or causes, so that the total aggregate liability of Consultant to you shall not exceed the US Dollar equivalent value of $[[Token Symbol]] tokens redeemed by you at the time of redemption. It is intended that this limitation apply to any and all liability or causes of action however alleged or arising, unless otherwise specifically prohibited by law. All claims against Consultant shall be deemed waived unless made in writing and received by Consultant within one month after completion of the Services with respect to which the claim is being made.

^Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, no Party shall be liable hereunder for any consequential, special, or punitive damages (including lost profits).

^You accept and acknowledge that there are risks associated with holding or using $[[Token Symbol]] and using the Ethereum Network, including but not limited to, the risk of losing access to your Ethereum address due to loss of private keys, seed words or other credentials, and the risk of unknown vulnerabilities in the $[[Token Symbol]] smart contract code or the Ethereum Network Protocol. You acknowledge and accept all such risks and agree that Consultant is not responsible and is not liable for any loss of value you may experience as a result. You accept and acknowledge that Consultant will not be responsible for any losses, failures, disruptions, errors, distortions, or delays you may experience when holding or using $[[Token Symbol]] however caused.
